{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red71\green81\blue106;\red241\green240\blue239;\red40\green40\blue40;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Another satisfied student - passed with 74%\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl429\sa210\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf4 Passed today with a score of 74%.\cb1 \
\cb3 1.0 Designing highly available, cost efficient, fault tolerant, scalable systems 72%\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 2.0 Implementation/Deployment 78%\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 3.0 Security 91%\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 4.0 Troubleshooting 71%\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl429\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl429\sa210\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 I don't want to go on a palaver, but I feel the need to extol the virtues of this course. I looked at other cloud and Linux prep sites, and they were either out of date, more expensive, and/or of poor quality. I made a bet that this site would have the best information and was not disappointed. For about the cost of lunch, this course takes you through 95% of what you need to know, and walks you up to the last bit (the FAQs and whitepapers). It is worth noting that I did take the Architecting on AWS class for $2,200, and while it was nice, it was an AWS training class and not a certification prep course.\cb1 \
\cb3 I have already purchased the AWS Developer and AWS CSA - Professional courses, both to support a superb small business and to further my career. I have recommended this course to several people that have purchased the associate and professional courses.\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 My study plan:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\cb3 First, I followed this: read.acloud.guru/what-you-need-to-get-aws-certified-5937e613b10f#.ayeyp3h4m\cb1 \
\cb3 I have to say that the study plan outlined was spot on as far setting expectations and preparing for the exam.\cb1 \
\cb3 Went through the acloud.guru course 2x.\cb1 \
\cb3 Went through the quizzes 2x, making note of any questions I missed.\cb1 \
\cb3 Read the recommended whitepapers.\cb1 \
\cb3 Read the FAQs for the major services: VPC, S3, EBS, and Security Groups.\cb1 \
\cb3 Watched the AWS Masterclass videos (S3 and EC2)\cb1 \
\cb3 Topics to focus on: SG, NACL, ELB, S3, EBS, RDS/Redshift/DynamoDB, SQS/SNS/SWF use cases, Placement Groups, EIP, CloudWatch, Beanstalk/OpsWorks/CloudFormation use cases, EBS/S3 encryption, Route 53, instance meta-data, on-demand/reserve/spot use cases, know how to build a VPC/NAT from memory, EBS vs instance store, S3 bucket permissions/sharing.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you are not able to describe the basics of these services from memory, I recommend studying more.\cb1 \
\cb3 I finished with 20 minutes remaining. My take on that was I either knew the answer and moved on, or I had no idea what they were asking and made an educated guess.\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 New material that could be added to this course:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 CloudHSM\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Instance type by cpu, ram, I/O\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Bastion host\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb3 If you search for these items and add "aws", you will be directed to the relevant FAQ and can pick up the basics of the service.\cb1 \
\cb3 Finally, I would like to note that "brain dumps" and question/answer banks will not help you on the AWS certifications. Over sixty percent of the questions were scenario based, and another 60% of the questions required two, three, or four answers out of six choices. To successfully answer these questions, you need to know how most of the services in the AWS ecosystem work, both independently and with each other. This knowledge can be obtained via the acloud.guru videos and by following the recommendations in the course (i.e., read the FAQs and white papers).\cb1 \
\cb3 cheers,\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Optimising S3 Key (File) names for heavy load (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/request-rate-perf-considerations.html)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Optimising DynamoDB operations (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/QueryAndScanGuidelines.html)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 ELB and session cookies (http://docs.aws.amazon.com/ElasticLoadBalancing/latest/DeveloperGuide/elb-sticky-sessions.html)\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 CORS\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Resources that Elastic Beanstalk can create\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 CloudFormation Output section and Function you would use\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 SNS message format\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 Not covered in the course:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Options on authenticating using LDAP together with IAM.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl429\sa210\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}